Hermes might be the most powerful AI
agent on the planet right now. It's an
AI personal assistant that runs 24/7,
but it has one huge limitation. And in
this video, I'll show my exact Claude
system that solves this limitation by
taking the best systems from Hermes,
Open Claw, and any AI system to turn you
into a productivity superpower with an
agent that runs 24/7 so you can stop
wasting time and make more money. And if
you don't know who I am, my name is Jack
Roberts. I built and sold my last tech
startup with over 60,000 customers and I
build my own AI businesses and I share
with you the exact stuff that works. So
if you haven't already, grab that coffee
and let's dive straight in. So this is
the Hermes agent. As you can see, it's a
very sleek, gorgeous design. And you've
probably seen on YouTube, Hermes is
called Open Claw. Open Claw is called
NL. I've not seen this much killing
since I watched Game of Thrones. It's
super difficult and actually just
exhausting to keep up with what's
killing what. Which is why the system is
so powerful because we're not basically
relying on any one single framework. And
you'll see why that's so important in
this video. But the tilt of it is it's
got 124,000 stars on GitHub. It is
literally blown up. It's trending for
all the right reasons. It is genuinely
cool and probably the most powerful one
that exists on the market right now.
It's absolutely crushing it. Now, why is
everybody so hyped about Hermes? We have
to cover this before I can show you the
system that replaces it. First of all,
it dreams whilst you sleep. That's
pretty cool, right? Background ga loop
reflects on every session. It prunes
contradictions and distills everything
into memory. MD. That's cool. That is
literally an AI agent that's working for
you in the background constantly. Writes
it own tools, its own skills. So, after
five plus tool calls on a complex task,
the agent also authors a skill.md
capturing what worked. next time it just
runs for you. So it's less if you think
about like cognitive load from your
perspective. You talk, it kind of
learns, it listens and it does what you
want to do. It actually remembers you.
It's got a four layer memory system.
Memory MD userd skill.md then SQLite and
some episodic pluggable stuff there.
Then we've got it talks on to you on
every app. So again, one gateway 15
services, Telegram, Discord, etc. Real
research, not just vibes and MIT license
model agnostic, which is very cool. And
so every time something new comes out,
we have to do a new repo with new
conventions, we have to recredentialize,
which is a word that I I quoted. I don't
know if that exists or not. Hopefully it
does. But basically, you're hooking up
everything all over again. Every single
connection, the second that a better
framework comes out, it's so time
consuming. Your agent doesn't know who
you are cuz again, you lose all the
memories from each individual app when
you move across or you have to record
it. It's a complete pain in the
backside. You can't fix what you don't
understand. if you don't have one that's
own running on your own computer or you
know your environment that you actually
understand it's really tough and it's
always been my experience that I run
into barriers or just limitations when
you want to update something with these
frameworks and the key thing is no
matter how great the guys are it's their
road map it's not yours and you're going
to have a very completely different
unique perspective of how you want to
drive this and after months of stress
testing this I pulled together a system
that works for me flawlessly this is the
entire thing I'll put it down below for
you for free goes from telegram bot to
LM keys bootstrap the environmental
variables everything how the memory
system works you can just copy that uh
by literally clicking link down below
and so when you build your own custom
just like in Hermes you can do anything
that you can do there so I've got mine
in telegram this right here is my
mission control that I run everything
through this is a sample one on my new
desktop but it gives you the idea now
the cool thing about this is you're not
constrained by any limitations in so for
example I could come over to
anti-gravity or basically cord code and
say hey there I want you to add to my
mission control an overview of all the
current things that my agent is working
on, make it interactive and add it to
the core dashboard. And literally,
that's how you do builds. You literally
speak to it and it develops it. So, you
can give it any command you want to.
I've just said, "Hey, turn this into a
billy link glider.com." There you go.
All done and dusted. I click on that and
does it appear? Just by magic, it
literally does. So, we can basically
leverage all the skills within our own
gravity claw. So, the way that you can
basically supercharge your Hermes agent
without any of the limitations is what I
would call cherry-picking the winners.
So essentially anytime a new harness
drops be it Hermes or anything like that
all you literally do is come over to the
website or the GitHub repo and copy it.
Then come over to your coding
environment of choice and just basically
say, "Hey there, this new repo just
dropped for Hermes agent. I'd like you
to go through the repo, go through the
website, identify and understand
everything that it's offering that is
different than what we currently have
and what makes it unique and then give
me a bolted list of those cool features
and then I'm going to go select which
features I want and then you're going to
integrate it into our existing system
and then just drop in the GitHub repo."
And for context, this is the Hermes
repo. One option you've got if you want
to is to literally just install Hermes
agent. Of course, you can do that. It's
my experience though in using open core
and these different systems that they
invariably always hit a pressure point
in the wall where you just have to bend
it essentially fold it into a pretzel to
do the things that you actually want.
And I personally don't like the idea of
being limited and stuck into just one
particular system and architecture. I
like to cherrypick the very best
components from all of the systems,
which we can do super easily. And just
like that, it's come back with a full
breakdown and analysis, which is
awesome. It's got the full breakdown.
It's got easy wins, medium effort, big
lift. So, based on what we want to
develop. And what's really cool here is
I can now just take a look at all the
different features that I want to add in
that I personally think are really
freaking cool. Features that Hermes has
that we don't. Self-generating skills,
procedural memory, sub aent delegation,
context files. Really freaking cool. So,
if I come down here to the bottom, what
it's got here is a top recommendations
for self-generating skills again, and
you're just adding in the things that
you pretty much like. So, all I'd say
is, for example, I'd copy this and I
say, "Sounds great. Go ahead and add in
self-generating skills. Let me know if
there's anything you need for me." And
just confirm for me when that is
complete. And the cool thing is it's got
full access to the ripper and the
frameworks, which makes it super easy.
And so, when I built up the memory
system for Gravity Claw, which I found
to be extremely effective, I have three
levels to it. Level one is the core
memory, which effectively is just the
core things that it needs to know. Hey,
my name is Jack. I like this. It's like
your soul.md, the personality of how
gravity claw communicates your your key
facts, your key information. Then we
have this conversational buffer, which
is a rolling um stack of the last X
messages, the last 100 messages, 50
messages, etc. And then you have tier
three, which is a semantic tier, which
basically indexes everything in Pine
Cone. The other cool thing I have in my
operating system, if I pull up here, is
I can add in any deep intelligence from
anything like notebook, any videos,
whatever. I I can throw it in there and
then I can have conversations. And these
are just limitations that I find you run
into with different, you know, pre-built
frameworks. And then for where it
actually lives, well, you've got a
couple of options, right? You've got
VPS, which, you know, it's like you have
to use the correct. I've got full guides
that help you set it up safely. But in
reality, the other ones are your
desktop, so it runs on your Mac Mini or
Railway, which I personally use for
Gravity Club because it's super easy.
It's not exposed to internet and it just
means that whether the laptop's closed
or not, you're running Hermes. No super
freaking complicated setup. You
literally connect um Railway to
Anti-gravity or Cool Code and it's done.
Like that's how simple it is. And you
don't have to have these restless nights
thinking, "Damn, did I leave the port
exposed? What the hell is going on?"
type of situation. But obviously, you
know, you can do the VPS route. I'll put
off a link to the full secure guide down
below so you can do that if you want to.
Then the other cool feature here is
going to be its skill calling, which is
great. So you can pretty much just pick
any skill you want to. Fire crawable,
Gmail, whatever the hell you wanted to
do. You can just explain it and give it
that particular skill. And as you can
see, it's now added self-generating
skills just off one prompt. That was it.
One prompt and it's completed it, which
is crazy. So how it works is skills are
stored over here. plain markdown files,
progressive disclosure, so only skill
names and descriptions go into the
system prompt at 30 tokens each, auto
nudge. After a complex task or five plus
tool calls, the agent gets background
prompt asking if the procedure is worth
saving. It decides autonomously if it's
a one-off, it skips it, it's reusable,
it can correct the skill, and they're
self-improving. So skills can be edited
when the agent finds a better approach
or the user corrects the workflow. So
with that in mind, let's actually create
a skill that's going to be super useful
for a lot of the things we do, which is
research. We're out and about. We're
thinking about things and I always think
with use cases these things I like to
use things that I would actually use,
right? Like building graphics and stuff
looks cool, but are we really going to
use it all the time, right? So one
example would be in doing some decent
research. I always use firecraw for
research just because if you're using
AI, it's 80%ish cheaper and this
actually goes ahead to the website and
can scrape. And I always think of it as
like you're talking to the website. So
all you do is add the API key in your
environmental variables in anti-gravity
or claude and just say hey, you know,
save this API key and it stores it for
you in railway. And when you've done
that, so let's go ahead and test this
out. So I'm going to come down here and
hit the record button. Hey there. What
I'd like you to do for me is create a
skill using firecrawl. So when I ask you
to go and research something, I want you
to use firecrawl and I want you to look
at the top three to five credible
resources and come back with a punchy,
beautiful, punctuated summary of what
you found. Now, first of all, what I'd
like you to do is go ahead on to Product
Hunt and find some custom reviews for
speech dictation software and let me
know what the three star reviews are
saying. So, in other words, how people
who like the product but want to be
better. What are the things that they're
saying? Just let me know so I can get
some ideas to improve our product,
right? I'm going to send that one
straight off and then let our new system
basically go and do that and it will use
the same fire cool thing. And even this
ability here to transcribe and send
voice messages is something you can add
in. So it just got what to do. That's
how cool it is. Especially when you
combine it with Hermes. Beautiful. And
just like that, it's completed. Research
completed and skill created, which is
awesome. So now we got that brand new
skill. What users like better. It's
given us all of the details. Now it's
ready to rock and roll. And that's how
simple it is to add in any of these
features. And so we can basically add in
all the different skills that we want to
in this user interface. And the cool
thing about what model's actually
talking, again, we can hot swap it for
anything. My recommendation would be if
you can use GPT5.5
because you can access that via your
existing $20 a month chat GPT
subscription at no additional cost. They
let you use what's called oorthth which
is just how you authenticate. Claude
will not allow you to do that. Chat GPT
does. Another good option of course is
you've got the um 4.7 set. That's a
really good one. And Deepseek is a
hidden powerhouse, but just be a bit
more careful of what you're typing with
Deepseek. I've done a full video
breaking down that because that is like
insanely cheap right now to use in these
models. And of course, you can use this
completely for free in open code. Then
once you've got that, the other thing
that you want to look at is the
dashboard like I showed you.
Effectively, anything you want to, you
can go ahead and create that dashboard.
There's so many different things that
you can build using Claude. I've
actually got a full course that I'm
releasing this week in the uh community
which covers everything from foundation
setup, building websites, uh memory
systems, all the way down to design
systems and turning it into dollar
signs. Now, the next thing that we need
to do is supercharge this Hemes Claude
system, which we can do by building
super skills.